Added info about extensions, streamlined part of the firmware process, minor spelling and grammar changes (#48)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: common-issues.md

## Sensor was reset error

> Check your INT wire, there is either a bad connection or you have it connected to the flash pin. If you are attempting to breadboard the set up your connections may not be firm enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check your INT wire, there is either a bad connection or you have it connected to the flash pin. If you are building your tracker on a breadboard, your connections may be not firm enough and cause this error.
```
